Reasons why I've put the project into a 4-year hiatus:

-   very low chance of success due to React and, to lesser extent,
    Vue & Angular being a de-facto standard in a front-end development;
    on language level, TypeScript slowly took over the Javascript;

-   no sane person is going to invest in learning (or even more,
    in contributing to) an obscure one-man project;

-   thought that with the widespread use of agentic tools, the frameworks
    and libraries that were lucky enough to become part of the training data
    are even more entrenched and hard to contest;

-   thought that I'm kind of at 25% down the road, and need to put another
    2700 hours, is a little demotivating.

But hey, what the hell, I thought. First of all, this project serves
two purposes: 1) check if my vision of a reactive framework is viable;
2) provide me a constant source of food for thoughts, that I can toy with
inside my head when I'm bored - and, as a psychoteraupeutic device,
it already works quite good.

Secondly, now, when we have abundance of subsidized (still) and relatively
reliable LLM-enabled agents, I can offload the tasks to them, and finally
get the job done. It took me 900 hours of pure coding to get to the current
state of things, and I cannot imagine how much more were put into thinking
about the design decisions. Those 900 hours were spread over 5 calendar
years, when I sat in the evenings with a laptop, coding, instead of playing
games, scrolling news, or just sleeping (and I must admit, sleep is the
best drug). In 2026, I can fire off Claude and tell "rewrite everything
in Typescript, make sure the tests pass", and (if my 20 bucks are enough)
I'll get a working solution in a couple of hours. I can make it do all the
less-interesting (but still important work) such as writing documentation,
converting the tests from QUnit to Playwright, or replacing JQuery with
native (and modern!) DOM methods.

Even more, I can make attempts at such changes, and discard the results when
I'm not satisfied with the outcome - maybe I'll spend some tokens in vain,
but it's still going to be a small fraction of what my (virtual) hourly
time costs.

So, the plan is to take a shot at turning a prototype into a product.

The only thing I fear is to lose connection to the project (or more precisely,
to the code I've written) after a vast automated changes.

But I hope that my interest in seeing a more complete solution prevails.

And what about "unpopular" and "obscure" points? Again, AI comes to rescue.
At this moment, we can throw a brownfield project that scores 5/5
on obscurity and "legacy-ness" scale into an agentic tool of choice,
and expect it to come up with sensible solutions. Therefore, I think that
with anough amount of documentation an clear enough code, Ammm can be
quickly picked up by any agentic tools' user (that means literally by any
developer in the remaining half of the decade).
